# Project Lead Meeting 7/22/18
## Team Updates
- Week 2 of R&D (2: project lead boogaloo)
- Qasim is being a Mormon, so is busy till Tues.
- We're giving a talk at hackcon and are planning it with MLH on Thurs. Please let us know of suggestions.
    - especially from our more fucked up semesters.
    - diversity suggestions?
- Deadlines are in 2 weeks. (Yay.) But MnD has (finally) been a bit more proactive.
    - Other than designs, any other needs?

**Create a new branch, fill out this document for your project section, and create a pull request**

## lcs

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How was your first meeting/why didn't it exist?_:

## coding samples

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How was your first meeting/why didn't it exist?_:

## front end

_UPDATES_: Kabir and Ryan have both pushed their changes to fix issues #18 and #22, I'm also fixing #15 as part of fixing the UserForm.  Ryan G is working with Connie to get Travis CI + Jest + Selenium working for frontend

_QUESTIONS_: Please have wiki accurately reflect the endpoints and user management, didn't see travel reimbursement and got lost working on some things.

_TO DO_: Finish UserForm and get to testing that version by the middle of this week.

_How was your first meeting/why didn't it exist?_:  Very productive and everyone got action items.  After merging the PR requests, I will start making more heavy assignments.

## one app ios

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How was your first meeting/why didn't it exist?_:

## one app android

_UPDATES_:  
* The app is being rewritten in Kotlin
* I'm so happy we aren't supporting MLH login ðŸ˜Ž
* Navigation drawer is implemented
    - Now we don't have to use a floating action menu (ew)
    - Now the Android app's navigation will support future functionality without feeling bloated or awkward

_QUESTIONS_:  
No

_TO DO_:
* Help team learn kotlin/android
* Prepare features for team to implement
* Create github issues for features?
* Coordinate backend with LCS team
* Implement networking with retrofit and rx

_How was your first meeting/why didn't it exist?_:  
Good. We discussed the workflow of the rewrite, learning kotlin, and learning android.

## sledge

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How was your first meeting/why didn't it exist?_:

## team builder

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How was your first meeting/why didn't it exist?_:

## helpq

_UPDATES_:
did first meeting and goot some ideas for more features we can add.
still stuck on a strange issue related to meteor
_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:
+ resolve acount creation issue.
+ make sure we pull any user changes on login
+ css
+ evaluate feature ideas we came up with in meeting


_How was your first meeting/why didn't it exist?_:
great, we had an some ideas:
+ potentialy add some suggested relavent stack overflow threads to waiting page.
+ add a floorplan pinning for hackers and mentors to locate eachother (similar idea in mobile project)
+ adding a slack handle to the ticket form so mentors can comunicate with hackers

## snackRU

_UPDATES_: Team is meeting in person at Rutger sometime in the next week

_QUESTIONS_: How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?

_TO DO_:
- Get team set up with build environment. 
- Everyone has to get familiar with Flask/mongo/python/command line/(vim?) asap
- Find a good barcode scanning library & test it out

_How was your first meeting/why didn't it exist?_: good meeting. 20 min long 
