weekly-updates/project-lead-meetings/07_28_18.md, before:

# Project Lead Meeting 7/28
## Team Updates

- We have new CSS.
- Things are cool.
- LAUNCH IN A WEEK
- How are our project status's, do we have enough time?  Need help with organization?

![We're fine](https://media.giphy.com/media/z9AUvhAEiXOqA/giphy.gif)

**Create a new branch, fill out this document for your project section, and create a pull request**

## lcs

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are the alumni in your project holding up?_:

_Are architects contributing to the code? If not, what are they learning?_:

## coding samples

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are the alumni in your project holding up?_:

_Are architects contributing to the code? If not, what are they learning?_:

## front end

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are the alumni in your project holding up?_:

_How much react change to expect?_:

## one app ios

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## one app android

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are the alumni in your project holding up?_:

_Are architects contributing to the code? If not, what are they learning?_:

## sledge

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## team builder

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are the alumni in your project holding up?_:

_Are architects contributing to the code? If not, what are they learning?_:

## helpq

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are the alumni in your project holding up?_:

_Are architects contributing to the code? If not, what are they learning?_:

## snackru

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_Are architects contributing to the code? If not, what are they learning?_:

Commit message:

wowow time travle to attend the meeting yesterday

weekly-updates/project-lead-meetings/07_28_18.md, after:

# Project Lead Meeting 7/28
## Team Updates

- We have new CSS.
- Things are cool.
- LAUNCH IN A WEEK
- How are our project status's, do we have enough time?  Need help with organization?

![We're fine](https://media.giphy.com/media/z9AUvhAEiXOqA/giphy.gif)

**Create a new branch, fill out this document for your project section, and create a pull request**

## lcs

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are the alumni in your project holding up?_:

_Are architects contributing to the code? If not, what are they learning?_:

## coding samples

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are the alumni in your project holding up?_:

_Are architects contributing to the code? If not, what are they learning?_:

## front end

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are the alumni in your project holding up?_:

_How much react change to expect?_:

## one app ios

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## one app android

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are the alumni in your project holding up?_:

_Are architects contributing to the code? If not, what are they learning?_:

## sledge

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## team builder

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are the alumni in your project holding up?_:

_Are architects contributing to the code? If not, what are they learning?_:

## helpq

_UPDATES_:
solved strange db bug

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:
update user roles on login

_How are the alumni in your project holding up?_:
pretty ok, I'm thinking about adding some ci/cd stuff and he seems exited about that

_Are architects contributing to the code? If not, what are they learning?_:
not yet, we got together individually on Tuesday and a showed her through screen cast about
how meteor at least seems to work and some details on lcs. she's not back on campus or
something but once she is, in like a week or so I think, she'll have more time to contribute.
she has an idea of what feature she wants to work on.

## snackru

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_Are architects contributing to the code? If not, what are they learning?_:
