# Project Lead Meeting *08/19/18*
## Team Updates

**Create a new branch, fill out this document for your project section, and create a pull request**

## lcs

_UPDATES_:
- None, basically... just a few fires that were fixed.

_QUESTIONS_:
- Yes

_TO DO_:
- Make test instance.
- Make DB updater for y'all.
- Travel reimbursement backend (T_T Duc)
- Read security (Maya)

## coding samples

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## front end

_UPDATES_:  We are currently working on the following items:
            -Completing Admin Dashboard
            -Completing Travel Forms
            -Writing Jest tests and soon integrating Enzyme for integration into shallow component renders 
            -Yeeting all that into Travis CI
            -Refactoring code to minimize test trees per function
            -Documentation is still in progress (diagrams are hard)

_QUESTIONS_: Please delay this deploy date for traven and admin, to reflect unforeseen team delays (say right before or right after HackCon weekend)

_TO DO_: There are a growing number of visual issues cropping up which we will need to tackle after Admin and Travel - haven't figured out a deadline for this yet.

## one app ios

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## one app android

_UPDATES_:
* Dhruvil handed in his code for events
* Ridwaan is making *really* good progress on a new scanner :grin:

_QUESTIONS_:  
None

_TO DO_:
* Fix this one really important deserialization problem OR ask LCS for a change in their error reporting
* Fix and merge Dhruvil's events code

## sledge

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## team builder

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## helpq

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

## snackru

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:
