weekly-updates/project-lead-meetings/08_26_18.md, before:

# Project Lead Meeting *DATE*
## Team Updates

- LCS demo
- HackCon was great
- Travel!!!

## Demo Schedule

08/26/18: LCS @exec @anyone
09/01/18: One App iOS @exec @mnd @vhx
09/09/18: HelpQ @exec @ vhx
09/16/18: One App Android @exec @mnd @vhx
09/16/18 : Sledge @exec @mnd @dayof
TENTATIVE - 08/26/18-09/18/18 : Admin Dashboard @exec @anyone
TENTATIVE - 08/26/18-09/18/18 : DayOf Dash @exec @mnd  ‘optional’: 

**Create a new branch, fill out this document for your project section, and create a pull request**

## lcs

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_Are the deadlines still feasible?_:

## coding samples

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_Are the deadlines still feasible?_:

## front end

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are travel reimbursements?_:

_How are alums engaged?_:

_Are the deadlines still feasible?_:

## one app ios

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_Are the deadlines still feasible?_:


## one app android

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are alums engaged?_:

_Are the deadlines still feasible?_:

## sledge

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are alums engaged?_:

_Are the deadlines still feasible?_:

## team builder

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are alums engaged?_:

_Are the deadlines still feasible?_:

## helpq

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are alums engaged?_:

_Are the deadlines still feasible?_:

## snackru

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_Are the deadlines still feasible?_:

Commit message:

my mic isnt working in hangouts :(, also thinking about deployment

weekly-updates/project-lead-meetings/08_26_18.md, after:

# Project Lead Meeting *DATE*
## Team Updates

- LCS demo
- HackCon was great
- Travel!!!

## Demo Schedule

08/26/18: LCS @exec @anyone
09/01/18: One App iOS @exec @mnd @vhx
09/09/18: HelpQ @exec @ vhx
09/16/18: One App Android @exec @mnd @vhx
09/16/18 : Sledge @exec @mnd @dayof
TENTATIVE - 08/26/18-09/18/18 : Admin Dashboard @exec @anyone
TENTATIVE - 08/26/18-09/18/18 : DayOf Dash @exec @mnd  ‘optional’: 

**Create a new branch, fill out this document for your project section, and create a pull request**

## lcs

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_Are the deadlines still feasible?_:

## coding samples

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_Are the deadlines still feasible?_:

## front end

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are travel reimbursements?_:

_How are alums engaged?_:

_Are the deadlines still feasible?_:

## one app ios

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_Are the deadlines still feasible?_:


## one app android

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are alums engaged?_:

_Are the deadlines still feasible?_:

## sledge

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are alums engaged?_:

_Are the deadlines still feasible?_:

## team builder

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How are alums engaged?_:

_Are the deadlines still feasible?_:

## helpq

_UPDATES_:
working on trying to deploy. I might switch to aws with ec2 instead of meteor since redeploy seems a bit slow. idk

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:
test deploying
loading bar
write tests

_How are alums engaged?_:
good, he gives sugestions and pointers when we need direction.

_Are the deadlines still feasible?_:

## snackru

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_Are the deadlines still feasible?_:
