weekly-updates/project-lead-meetings/09_02_18.md, before:

# Project Lead Meeting 9/2/18
## Team Updates

- No iOS demo, T_T
- SCHOOL
- Everything looks... stable.

**Create a new branch, fill out this document for your project section, and create a pull request**

## lcs

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How is the semester going to kill you?_:

## coding samples

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How is the semester going to kill you?_:

## front end

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How is the semester going to kill you?_:

_Travel Reimbursement TO DO_:

## one app ios

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How is the semester going to kill you?_:

## one app android

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How is the semester going to kill you?_:

## sledge

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How is the semester going to kill you?_:

## team builder

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How is the semester going to kill you?_:

## helpq

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How is the semester going to kill you?_:

## snackru

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How is the semester going to kill you?_:

Commit message:

F%0$%% i love meteor... also heroku deploy is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo slow

weekly-updates/project-lead-meetings/09_02_18.md, after:

# Project Lead Meeting 9/2/18
## Team Updates

- No iOS demo, T_T
- SCHOOL
- Everything looks... stable.

**Create a new branch, fill out this document for your project section, and create a pull request**

## lcs

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How is the semester going to kill you?_:

## coding samples

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How is the semester going to kill you?_:

## front end

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How is the semester going to kill you?_:

_Travel Reimbursement TO DO_:

## one app ios

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How is the semester going to kill you?_:

## one app android

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How is the semester going to kill you?_:

## sledge

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How is the semester going to kill you?_:

## team builder

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How is the semester going to kill you?_:

## helpq

_UPDATES_:
still working on deploying for a demo. I resolved a previous issue
where it wouldn't connect to mongodb atlas, but now its connecting to atlas
locally and inside of heroku. my ssh for ec2 just crashes when I start meteor.
it may be doing fancy stuff with printing so switching shells may help? heroku
is getting some stranger error with accounts on startup. you can also deploy meteor
to galaxy, which I think is a platform ran by meteor themselves. we're using an
old version of meteor so that could also be causing issues.

_QUESTIONS_:
do we have any mentors with experiences with heroku/meteor?
spongebob.mp3? lmao

_TO DO_:
try galaxy
troubleshoot heroku.
loading bar
tests.

_How is the semester going to kill you?_:

## snackru

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO_:

_How is the semester going to kill you?_:
