# Project Lead Meeting 10/14 -- Post Mortem
## Team Updates

- Yay, no more HackRU for a... week?
- But we needa check on last one... here's post mortem.
- Let us know of any improvements.
- We have some re-structuring and new projects to discuss.
    - [See below](#personnel-changes)
- New projects:
    - Admin Dash role updater (ticket on the frontend along
      with the completion of the emailing portion).
    - VHX scheduling
    - Sponsor portal
    - Travel-reimbursement app
- New policy: if anybody (MLH, devpost) wants software to be used at
  HackRU by non-hackers, they must consult us at least a month (6 weeks?)
  beforehand.

## Personnel Changes

- We might (re)move the following architects and project leads:
    - Ross
    - Duc - at least move, perhaps to travel reimbursements?
- The following project-related shuffling is planned:
    - Amulya to lead team builder.
    - Sri to lead the VHX scheduler and sponsor portal.
      (The portal is too small to justifiably split.)
    - Coding samples is officially dead (again).
    - Sunny to lead iOS.
    - Kabir or Ryan to lead frontend (as Ez graduates).
        - Small issue: I want one director to be leading LCS
          (RnD is much easier if a director and the backend
          dude share a brain.) This means we'll need helpq
          to be inheritted soon after its re-write. (Or Mickey
          can somewhat take over LCS now (with Heman occassionally
          stepping on his toes) and somebody else re-writes
          helpq....?)
- New people?
    - Beginners as architects is untenable, so we need to figure that out.
        - Beginner = can't deploy a basic web app or mobile app without learning
          something new.
    - Shivan and Sam Olagun are excellent frontend candidates, especially for
      an MnD liason. We could look into adding them.
    - We will have you interview any new architects you need.

**Create a new branch, fill out this document for your project section, and create a pull request**

## lcs

_UPDATES_:
- It worked, I think.

_GOOD, BAD, UGLY_:
- All good 'n ugly.
- Need some external tooling to ease organizing. <- kinda bad-ish, I guess.

_TO DO (for all of next semester)_:
- Testing coverage, documentation.
- Internal consistency/tickets.
- What do we need to support the shift scheduler? <- this might devolve into a large discussion
  with design consequences.

## coding samples

_UPDATES (this is RIP, right)_: - Archive


_GOOD, BAD, UGLY_:
Project is too expnesive , might look into self hosting, but scaling is hard. AWS Sucks/ also super nice
RIP -|------> code samples
Good: AWS is really nice, with theoretical scale this is really cool , we got a poc working
Bad: Expensive AF currently. Scaling is hard, docker is annoying
Ugly: Sri almost ran the entire RND budget and thensome yikes
_QUESTIONS_:
How many machines do we need?

_TO DO_:
Look into self hosting

## front end

_UPDATES_:
  It's probably broken now. because of floormap??????

_GOOD, BAD, UGLY_:
  Good: Team was gold - we met our development goals, perhaps we should have been more ambitious and did more design work
  Bad: Documentation needs to get done still.  We are all clobbered currently, so...just keep poking us about it and it will eventually happen
  Ugly: We started without documentation, and that set us back quite a bit wrt several things, and also led to bugs and cosmetic issues.  
  We'd like to know if there's some plan to vet frontend candidates to RND proper before we onboard them

_TO DO (for all of next semester)_:
  1.  Make a new frontend design
  2.  Implement said design without killing too much of the structured code we used since last summer
  3.  Get the design documentation to MND for assets at least 3 weeks before deploy date
  4.  UWU new features?

_Please comment on what you need by November so we can start pushing MnD_:
It's more like we need:
  - The next project lead assignee
  - New frontend person for new design
  - From MnD/everybody, we need to know what MUST be on the site.  A simple list may do.  Otherwise we're gonna bounce off what is originally there
  - Later on, we will need the theme

## one app ios

_UPDATES_:
Still need to do documentation.

_GOOD, BAD, UGLY_:
What went well:
  * It was out in time!
  * Scanner worked which is what we cared about the most
  
What didn't go so well:
  * Submitted really late.
  * Checkin was thrown together
  * No Documentation
  
What can we improve:
  * Have a better training and exchange process

_TO DO (for all of next semester)_:
  * Docuement and handoff the projects

## one app android

_UPDATES_:

_GOOD, BAD, UGLY_:
What went well:
* Check-in was seamless
* Everyone could log in
* Scanning was good besides the rotation bug (see below)

What didn't go so well:
* We didn't handle device rotation on the scanner so when the device is rotated the scanner goes back to scanning for check-in
    - Easy fix
* Announcements were unordered when retrieved from cache
    - Easy fix
* Room DB reads are all done on the UI thread :grimacing:
    - Easy/Medium fix
* Events changed default tab at the wrong time and didn't change back
    - Easy fix

What we can improve:
* Refactor some code that was written last minute to MVVM
* Document

_TO DO (for all of next semester)_:
* Refactor dirty code
* Document

## sledge

_UPDATES_: The Good: It worked, ratings updated as expected, everyone got it running (with some refreshes) The Bad: Not enough judges on the top prizes, lots of very close scores, The Ugly: Table numbers didn't work

_GOOD, BAD, UGLY_: What's a better system for choosing between close scores?

_TO DO (for all of next semester)_: General improvements, table system and better tie-breaking capabilities (maybe add more judges to top hacks)

_What did the Devpost guy throw on just before judging? Was it necessary? When did he approach you?_: We were originally going to post a Google Sheets form of all the hacks and their table numbers. MLH said that wasn't good enough since it would require sponsors to manually look up table numbers for hacks running for their prize. Devpost guy said he had an app that could import the table numbers and automatically associate everything with the devpost data. Presumably due to a "Test Hack" leftover from the demo some table numbers didn't register correctly, and Sledge didn't match the numbers. The import happened about 15 minutes before judging, and the problem was noticed about 10 minutes into judging.

## team builder

_UPDATES_: Outline is all done, Coding wil start up within the coming week.

_GOOD, BAD, UGLY_: 
Good:We know the outline, and how we want everything to function.
            Bad: Life
            Ugly: Pushed the Projeect back to Spring HackRU :(

_TO DO (for all of next semester)_: Finish the project by Mid-February, wanna get lots of work done over winterbreak (as much as possible) Have this up at least a month before HackRU so Hackers can use it. 

## helpq

_UPDATES_:
good:
- nothing blew up!
- handled load
- actually used
not so good:
- ingesting mentors was tedius
  + vhx portal will help
- keeping track of who was on duty
- low utilization
  + more advertizing will help

_GOOD, BAD, UGLY_:

_TO DO (for all of next semester)_:
high level design for rewrite
integrate existing helpq with vhx shift manager thing

## snackru

_UPDATES_: nothing much, sorry. Architects made a some progress in the weeks leading up to HackRU 

_GOOD, BAD, UGLY_: ??

_TO DO (for all of next semester)_: 
    -make a good frontend
    -add functionality (end goal is that food table volunteers are self-sufficient & can use the app guide them)
    - (as a post-mortem comment) I have to take a a more hands-on approach to leading this project or it will never get done.  

_Do you want more experienced architects?_: Nah man

