# Project Lead Meeting 10/14 -- Post Mortem
## Team Updates

- Yay, no more HackRU for a... week?
- But we needa check on last one... here's post mortem.
- Let us know of any improvements.
- We have some re-structuring and new projects to discuss.
    - [See below](#personnel-changes)
- New projects:
    - Admin Dash role updater (ticket on the frontend along
      with the completion of the emailing portion).
    - VHX scheduling
    - Sponsor portal
    - Travel-reimbursement app
- New policy: if anybody (MLH, devpost) wants software to be used at
  HackRU by non-hackers, they must consult us at least a month (6 weeks?)
  beforehand.

## Personnel Changes

- We might (re)move the following architects and project leads:
    - Ross
    - Duc - at least move, perhaps to travel reimbursements?
- The following project-related shuffling is planned:
    - Amulya to lead team builder.
    - Sri to lead the VHX scheduler and sponsor portal.
      (The portal is too small to justifiably split.)
    - Coding samples is officially dead (again).
    - Sunny to lead iOS.
    - Kabir to lead frontend (as Ez graduates).
        - Small issue: I want one director to be leading LCS
          (RnD is much easier if a director and the backend
          dude share a brain.) This means we'll need helpq
          to be inheritted soon after its re-write. (Or Mickey
          can somewhat take over LCS now (with Heman occassionally
          stepping on his toes) and somebody else re-writes
          helpq....?)
- New people?
    - Beginners as architects is untenable, so we need to figure that out.
        - Beginner = can't deploy a basic web app or mobile app without learning
          something new.
    - Shivan and Sam Olagun are excellent frontend candidates, especially for
      an MnD liason. We could look into adding them.
    - We will have you interview any new architects you need.

**Create a new branch, fill out this document for your project section, and create a pull request**

## lcs

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO (for all of next semester)_:

## coding samples

_UPDATES (this is RIP, right)_: - Archive
Project is too expnesive , might look into self hosting, but scaling is hard. AWS Sucks/ also super nice
RIP -|------> code samples
Good: AWS is really nice, with theoretical scale this is really cool , we got a poc working
Bad: Expensive AF currently. Scaling is hard, docker is annoying
Ugly: Sri almost ran the entire RND budget and thensome yikes
_QUESTIONS_:
How many machines do we need?
_TO DO_:
Look into self hosting


## front end

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO (for all of next semester)_:

_Please comment on what you need by November so we can start pushing MnD_:

## one app ios

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO (for all of next semester)_:

## one app android

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO (for all of next semester)_:

## sledge

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO (for all of next semester)_:

_What did the Devpost guy throw on just before judging? Was it necessary? When did he approach you?_:

## team builder

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO (for all of next semester)_:

## helpq

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO (for all of next semester)_:

## snackru

_UPDATES_:

_QUESTIONS_:

_TO DO (for all of next semester)_:

_Do you want more experienced architects?_:
